Add database.api_reference_object (#114)
SpareCores/sc-crawler: CHANGELOG.md

Maintenance update:

- Refactor the `Database` table: replace `ha_supported` with `ha` (`DatabaseHaLevel`)
  and optional `ha_strategy` (`DatabaseHaStrategy`), rename `storage_autoscaling` to
  `storage_extra_autosize`, and add capability fields (`wire_protocol`, storage bounds,
  monitoring, autotuning, `security_features`, and tiered `support_level`).

> - Add `api_reference_object` (JSON) to `Database`: partial Pulumi args identifying the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `api_reference_object` (JSON) to `Database`: named API args identifying the
```
